[Music]
Secretary of State solid field of the
United States of America
so are you like dating the Prime
Minister of Canada no no no it's weird I
know this great little place not too far
from here
Oh it's called a minibar and it's in my
room
you us know hey I put up with my fair
share of world leaders to 369 Fidel
Castro once you thought his beard was
big so how does that work with you you
like date guys don't really want to date
women who are more powerful than that
it's a picture of their dicks Tripler is
my favorite Batman villain though so you
can ask why I was still single
just breathe
we're seconds in
the optics of you and Fred would destroy
your entire career it's pretty woman but
she's Richard Gere and yours Julia
Roberts got destiny on your side I feel
so scared I'm gonna try to conduct
myself in such a way that does not risk
global humiliation she bought me it's a
traditional Swedish suit go see another
sweetie dressed like this I'm the Smurf
down Fergus suit next time
[Music]
Brian I need you to come work on that
speech with me right now
am I being too bossy
no no we'll do exactly what you are
imagining and then you turned me around
slapped me and my house took me a little
bit
[Music]
[Applause]